scripts: sbom: Add GN external project support for Matter (#9937)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`west_sbom`:

  * Output now contains source repository and version information for each file.

>   * The script now supports Matter because it can enter GN external projects and get the source files from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The script now supports Matter because it has access to GN external projects and can get the source files from them.
```
them = GN external projects, did I get this right?
